Add supported deployment with Terraform (#1962)
google/trillian: deployment/README.md

# Trillian supported deployments

This directory contains the supported deployment types for Trillian. Currently,
this includes:

- [Kubernetes on GCP using Cloud
  Spanner](#kubernetes-on-gcp-using-cloud-spanner)

Further deployment types (community-supported) can be found in the
examples/deployment directory.

# Kubernetes on GCP using Cloud Spanner

## Architecture

The infrastructure is created using Terraform. It consists of a Cloud Spanner

> database, a Trillian-specific etcd cluster, the Trillian logservice and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
database, a Trillian-specific etcd cluster, the Trillian logserver and
```

> logsigner. A Workload Identity is setup by Terraform to give the services access

Reviewer: ```suggestion
logsigner. A Workload Identity is set up by Terraform to give the services access
```

> to Cloud Spanner. The container images are the latest official release.

Reviewer: "the latest official release" - this could easily become inaccurate if someone creates a new release but doesn't update this doc. Probably better to just say "v1.3.3" here.

  Spanner](#kubernetes-on-gcp-using-cloud-spanner)

Further deployment types (community-supported) can be found in the
examples/deployment directory.

# Kubernetes on GCP using Cloud Spanner

## Architecture

The infrastructure is created using Terraform. It consists of a Cloud Spanner
database, a Trillian-specific etcd cluster, the Trillian logserver and
logsigner. A Workload Identity is set up by Terraform to give the services access
to Cloud Spanner. The container images are based on v1.3.3.

## Prerequisites
1. [Terraform](https://www.terraform.io/), [kubectl](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/install-kubectl/),
   and [gcloud](https://cloud.google.com/sdk/gcloud/) are installed.
1. You have a Google account with billing configured.
1. Terraform should have access to the credentials to manage your Cloud Project. Follow the
   instructions from the [Terraform Google Provider documentation](https://www.terraform.io/docs/providers/google/guides/provider_reference.html) to set this up.

## Installation
1. Create a new project and copy its [Project
   ID](https://cloud.google.com/resource-manager/docs/creating-managing-projects#identifying_projects).

> 1. Create the infrastructure: `terraform init && terraform apply -var="gcp_project=PROJECT_ID"`.

Reviewer: When executing this step, I get the following error:
```
Error: google: could not find default credentials. See https://developers.google.com/accounts/docs/application-default-credentials for more information.

  on main.tf line 10, in provider "google":
  10: provider "google" {
```
It's not completely obvious which instructions, if any, I should follow on the linked page.

Reviewer: I found that running ` gcloud auth application-default login` fixed this. The complete instructions are here: https://www.terraform.io/docs/providers/google/guides/provider_reference.html#full-reference. I think it'd be helpful to add this as a step above.

Reviewer: Ah I see this was linked to from the prerequisites section. I'd add that #full-reference anchor to that link, since that takes the reader straight to the relevant instructions.

   It is ok to re-execute this command at any time.
1. The script will output a gcloud command similar to:
   ```shell
   gcloud config set project PROJECT_ID && \
   gcloud container clusters get-credentials cluster --region=us-west1
   ```
   Execute this set of commands to get the credentials for your new cluster.

> 1. Deploy the containers: `kubectl apply -k .`

Reviewer: This command fails with an error the first time you run it:
```
error: unable to recognize ".": no matches for kind "EtcdCluster" in version "etcd.database.coreos.com/v1beta2"
```
This is because etcd-operator takes a short time to install its CRD. Consider splitting this step up into a "deploy etcd-operator" step and then a "deploy everything else" step.

Author: Right, this is the same error I reported in #1820. By splitting the two commands, there is still a chance that the CRD is not yet created. From the examples/ directory, we know that the `kubectl wait for` solution do not work (NotFound may be returned instantly). 
I extracted the CRD from etcd-operator and explicitly added it to kustomize. This should decrease the time required to create the CRD (as we don't wait for the operator to be up). Either way, I modified README.md to describe this issue. I don't think there is a better solution at this point.
